React: Use Act wrapper in Storybook for component rendering (#30037)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/main-config/main-config-features.mdx

<CodeSnippets path="main-config-features-viewport-story-globals.md" />

{/* prettier-ignore-end */}

## `developmentModeForBuild`

Type: `boolean`

> Set NODE_ENV to development in built Storybooks for better testability and debuggability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `NODE_ENV` to `'development'` in built Storybooks for better testing and debugging capabilities.
```
